If Insured Person is not
grievance through above
also approach the office
respective area/region

Satisfied with the redressal of
methods, the Insured Person may
: of Insurance Ombudsman of the
for redressal of grievanc
_ e€ as per
rance Ombudsman Rules 2017. Grievance may also be

lodged at IRDA Inte i
‘ grated Grievance Manager
-https’//bimabharosa.irdai.govin/, gement System

Latest contact details of Offi

S ces of Insurance Ombudsman are
provided at Annexure A,

2. — Specific General Terms and Clauses

24. Non-Disclosure or Misrepresentation of Pre-Existing
Disease
The Company may, notwithstanding and without
Prejudice to its tights under the standard general
terms and clauses above, also exercise any of the
below listed options for the purpose of continuing the
health insurance coverage in case of non-disclosure or
misrepresentation of Pre-Existing Diseases, subject to
prior consent from Policyholder:
a. Permanently exclude the disease/condition and

continue with the Policy.

b. Incorporate additional Waiting Period of not
exceeding 4 years for the said undisclosed disease
or condition from the date the non-disclosed
condition was detected and continue with the Policy

c Levy underwriting loading from the first Policy Year
of issuance of Policy or Renewal, whichever is later.

Utilization of Sum Insured

The sequence of utilization of Sum Insured in this Policy,

subject to the optional covers in force under the Policy,

will be as follows;

a. Base Sum Insured.

b. Cumulative Bonus/Plus Benefit (if applicable).

c. Secure Benefit (if applicable).

d. Automatic Restore Benefit (subject to utilization of
the Base Sum Insured in whole or in part).

Asingle claim in a Policy Year cannot exceed the sum of

Base Sum Insured, Cumulative Bonus (if applicable), Plus
Benefit (if applicable) and Secure Benefit (if applicable).
Geography

This Policy provides coverage throughout the territory of
India, except under Section B-2.8 (E-Opinion for Critical
IlIness) Section B-2.9 Global Health Cover (Emergency
Treatments Only) ,Section B-210 Global Health Cover
(Emergency & Planned Treatments), B-2.11 Overseas
Travel Secure and as may be specified in the Schedule
of Coverage in the Policy Schedule.

2.2.

2.4. Loadings

a. The Company may apply loading on the premium,
specific Waiting Period or permanent exclusions,
based on the declarations made in the Proposal
Form and the health status, habits and lifestyle, past
medical records, and the results of the pre-Policy
medical examination of the persons proposed to
be insured under the Policy.

b. | The maximum medical underwriting loading shall
not exceed 100% for each condition and a total of
150% for each Insured Person.

c.  Loadings shall be applied from Commencement
Date including subsequent Renewal(s), and on
increased Sum Insured.

d. Proposer shall be informed about the proposed
loading with premium, specific Waiting Period or
permanent exclusion (if any) through a counter
offer letter and Policy will be issued only on specific
acceptance within 15 days of the receipt of such
counter offer letter. In case the Company does not
receive any response to the counter offer letter
from the proposer within 15 days, the application
shall be cancelled and any premium received shall
be refunded within 7 days.

2.5. Endorsements

This Policy constitutes the complete contract of insurance.

This Policy cannot be modified by anyone (including an

insurance agent or broker) except the Company. Any

change or modification that the Company makes will be
evidenced by a written endorsement signed and stamped
by the Company.

2.6. Communication & Notice

Policy and any communication related to the Policy shall
be sent to through electronic modes or to the address of
the following:

a. The Policyholder’s, at the address/ e-mail address
specified in the Policy Schedule.

b. To the Company, at the address specified in the
Policy Schedule.

c. Insurance agents, brokers, other person or entity
is/are not authorised to receive any notice on the
behalf of the Company, unless stated in writing by
the Company.

2.7. Premium Tier

The premium payable under the Policy will be computed

basis the city of residence provided by the Insured Person

in the Proposal Form. Classification of cities would be as
under:

a. Tier 1: Delhi, National Capital Region (NCR), Mumbai,
Mumbai Suburban, Thane and Navi Mumbai, Surat,
Ahmedabad and Vadodara.

b. Tier 2: Rest of India.

No co-payment shall apply if Insured Person from Tier 2

avails a treatment in Tier 1.

Instalment Premium payment through Auto Debit/ECS

Facility

a. If premium payment is opted for by instalments
through auto debit/ECS facility, a separate
authorization form shall be submitted by Insured
Person specifying the frequency chosen for
premium to be debited.

2.8.

i
—

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Rea, No146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC
