d.

Wh i
i pha 'S a change either in the terms and
Nditions of the coverage or Policy or in the

Premium fate, the ECS authorization shall be
obtained afresh.

The Insured Person has the option to withdraw from
the ECS mode atleast fifteen days prior to the due
date of instalment premium payable.

No additional charges will be levied or recovered
in any manner from the benefits payable towards
Cancellation of the ECS mode.

2.9. Dispute Resolution Clause
Any and all disputes or differences under or in relation
to this Policy shall be determined by the Indian Courts
and subject to Indian law

Sec! Other Terms & Cond

n

|. Claims Procedure
1. Notification of a Claim

Notice with full particulars shall be sent to the Company
as under:

a.

Within 24 hours from the date of emergency
Hospitalization required or before the Insured
Person's discharge from Hospital, whichever is
earlier.

At least 48 hours prior to admission in Hospital in
case of a planned Hospitalization or decision to
avail treatment under Section B-1.2 (Home Health
Care).

.2. Procedure for Cashless Claims In India

a.

Treatment may be taken in a Network Provider and
is subject to pre authorization by the Company.
Cashless request form is available with the Network
Provider.

The Network Provider shall obtain the relevant
information from the Insured Person / Policyholder
and send a Cashless Facility request to the
Company for authorization.

The Company upon getting cashless request
form and related medical information from the
Insured Person/ Network Provider shall issue pre-
authorization letter to the Network Provider after
verification.

At the time of discharge, the Insured Person shall
verify and sign the discharge papers along with final
bill, pay for non-medical and inadmissible expenses.
The Company reserves the right to deny pre-
authorization in case the Insured Person is unable
to provide the relevant medical details.

In case of denial of cashless access, the Insured
Person may obtain the treatment as per treating
doctor's advice and submit the claim documents
to the Company for reimbursement.

1.3. Procedure for Cashless Claims Outside India

a.

You shall intimate the Claims to us through any

available mode of communication as specified in
the Policy, Health Card or our Website

Treatment may be taken in a Network Provider and

is subject to pre authorization by the Company.

Process for obtaining Pre-Authorization is

mentioned below:
i. We shall send Rithe Insured Person for
signature and consent.
i, After receiving the signed Release of
Information form, We will retrieve
hospitalization documents along with invoices
iii. If these details are not provided in full or are
insufficient for Us to consider the request,
We will request additional information or
documentation
iv. On receipt of the complete documents We
may
. issue the guarantee of payment
specifying the sanctioned amount, any
specific limitation on the claim and non-
payable items, if applicable
or

. reject the request for pre-authorization
specifying reasons for the rejection

4.4. Procedure for Cashless Claims in case of Home Health
Care (Section B-1.2)
On receipt of duly filled pre authorization form with
other sufficient details to assess a cashless request,
the Company will inform the Home Healthcare service
provider or Network Provider, who will share the care
plan and treatment cost estimation with the Company. On
receipt of the complete documents the Company may:

a.

b.

issue the authorization letter specifying the
sanctioned amount, any specific limitation on the
claim and non-payable items, if applicable, or
reject the request for pre-authorization specifying
reasons for the rejection.

4.5. Conditions for obtaining Cashless Facility within India

a.

Cashless facility can be availed only at Company’s
Network Provider. The complete list of Network
Providers and empanelled service providers is
available on Company’s website and can also be
obtained by contacting the Company.

The Company reserves the right to modify, add or
restrict any Network Provider for Cashless facility at
its sole discretion. The same shall be duly updated
on the Company’s website. The Insured Person
shall check the updated list of Network Providers
before applying for cashless claim.

Pre-authorization issued by the Company shall be
valid for 15 days from the date of issuance (or expiry
of the Policy, whichever is earlier).

The Company shall make payment for the Cashless
facility to the authorized amount, directly to the
Network Provider.

cn

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited, IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66\

030MH2007PLCI77117. Registered & Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC

TAA AAR Teada lana dienlavad ahrva halannc ta URES Ie nnd COCA
