q. Sterility and Infertility: Code — Excit7: Expenses
related to sterility and infertility. This includes:

Any type of contraception, sterilization

Assisted Reproduction services including
artificial insemination and advanced
reproductive technologies such as IVF, ZIFT,
GIFT, ICSI

ii. Gestational Surrogacy
iv. Reversal of sterilization.
r Maternity: Code — Excl18

i. Medical treatment expenses traceable to
childbirth (including complicated deliveries
and caesarean sections incurred during
hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy;

ii. Expenses towards miscarriage (unless
due to an accident) and lawful medical

termination of pregnancy during the Policy
Period.

Specific Exclusions:

In addition to the foregoing general exclusions, the
Company shall not be liable to make any payment under
this Policy caused by or arising out of or attributable to
any of the following:

a. War or any act of war, invasion, act of foreign
enemy, (whether war be declared or not or caused
during service in the armed forces of any country),
civil war, public defence, rebellion, revolution,
insurrection, military or usurped acts, Nuclear,
Chemical or Biological attack or weapons,
radiation of any kind.

b. Aggregate Deductible - Claims/claim amount
falling within Aggregate Deductible limit if opted
and in force, as specified in the Policy Schedule.

c. Any Insured Person committing or attempting to
commit intentional self-injury or attempted suicide
or suicide.

d. Any Insured Person's participation or involvement
in naval, military or air force operation.

e. Investigative treatment for sleep-apnoea, general
debility or exhaustion (“run-down condition”).

f Congenital external diseases, defects or
anomalies.

g. Stem cell harvesting.

h. Investigative treatments for analysis and

adjustments of spinal sub luxation, diagnosis
and treatment by manipulation of the skeletal
structure or for muscle stimulation by any means
except treatment of fractures (excluding hairline
fractures) and dislocations of the mandible and
extremities.

i. Circumcisions (unless necessitated by Illness or
Injury and forming part of treatment).

j. Vaccination including inoculation and
immunisations (except post animal bite treatment).

k.  Non-Medical expenses such as food charges
(other than patient’s diet provided by hospital),
laundry charges, attendant charges, ambulance
collar, ambulance equipment, baby food, baby
utility charges and other such items. Full list of
Non-Medical Expenses is attached as ANNEXURE
B and also available at www.hdfcergo.com.

I. Treatment taken on outpatient basis.

m. The provision or fitting of hearing aids, spectacles
or contact lenses.

n. Any treatment and associated expenses for
alopecia, baldness including corticosteroids and
topical immunotherapy wigs, toupees, hair pieces,
any non-surgical hair replacement methods,
optometric therapy.

0. Expenses for Artificial limbs and/or device used
for diagnosis or treatment (except when used
intra-operatively), prosthesis, corrective devices
external durable medical equipment of any kind,
wheelchairs, crutches, and oxygen concentrator
for bronchial asthma/ COPD conditions, cost of
cochlear implant(s) unless necessitated by an
Accident.

p. Any treatment or part ofa treatment that is not of a
reasonable charge and not Medically Necessary.
Drugs or treatments which are not supported by a
prescription.

q. Any permanent exclusion applied on any
medical or physical condition or treatment of an
Insured Person as specifically mentioned in the
Policy Schedule and as specifically accepted by
Policyholder/Insured Person. Such exclusions
shall be applied for the condition(s) or treatment(s)
that otherwise would have resulted in rejection
of insurance coverage under this Policy to such
Insured Person as per Company’s Underwriting

Policy.

Section D. General Terms and Clauses

1.
1A.

1.2.

1.3.

Standard General Terms & Clauses
Disclosure of Information

The policy shall be void and all premium paid thereon

shall be forfeited to the Company in the event of

misrepresentation, mis-description or non-disclosure of

any material fact by the Policyholder.

Condition Precedent to Admission of Liability

The terms and conditions of the policy must be fulfilled

by the insured person for the Company to make any

payment for claim(s) arising under the policy.

Claim Settlement (provision for Penal Interest)

a. The Company shall settle or reject a claim, as
the case may be, within 30 days from the date of
receipt of last necessary document.

