Def. 8. Co-Payment means a cost sharing requirement
under a health insurance policy that provides that the

Def. 9.

Def. 10.

Def. 11.

policyholder/insured will bear a specified percentage
of the admissible claims amount. A co-payment does
not reduce the Sum Insured.

Cumulative Bonus means any increase or addition
in the Sum Insured granted by the insurer without an
associated increase in premium.

Day Care Centre means any institution established
for day care treatment of illness and / or injuries or
a medical set -up with a hospital and which has
been registered with the local authorities, wherever
applicable, and is under the supervision of a
registered and qualified medical practitioner AND
must comply with all minimum criterion asunder: -

i. has qualified nursing staff under its employment;

ii. has qualified medical practitioner/s in charge;

ili, has fully equipped operation theatre of its own
where surgical procedures are carried out;

iv. maintains daily records of patients and will make
these accessible to the insurance company’s
authorized personnel.

Day Care Treatmentmeans those medical treatment,

and/or surgical procedure which is

i) undertaken under General or Local Anaesthesia
in a hospital/day care centre in less than 24 hours
because of technological advancement, and

ii) which would have otherwise
hospitalization of more than 24 hours,

required

Treatment normally taken on an out-patient basis is
not included in the scope of this definition.

Def. 12.Deductible means a cost-sharing requirement under

Def. 13.

a health insurance policy that provides thatthe insurer
will not be liable for a specified rupee amount in case
of indemnity policies and for a specified number of
days/hours in case of hospital cash policies which will
apply before any benefits are payable by the insurer.
A deductible does not reduce the Sum Insured. The
deductible is separate from any Aggregate Deductible
that may be in-force and applicable under the Policy,
as specified in the Policy Schedule.

Dental Treatment means a treatment related to teeth
or structures supporting teeth including examinations,

fillings (where appropriate), crowns, extractions and

surgery.

Def. 14. Disclosure of information norm means the policy shall
be void and all premium paid hereon shall be forfeited
to the Company in the event of misrepresentation,
mis-description or non-disclosure of any material fact.

Def. 15. Domiciliary Hospitalization means medical treatment
for an illness/disease/injury which in the normal
course would require care and treatment at a hospital
but is actually taken while confined at home under
any of the following circumstances:

the condition of the patient is such that he/she is
not in a condition to be removed to a hospital, or
the patient takes treatment at home on account of
non-availability of room in a hospital.

Def. 16.Emergency Care means management for an illness
or injury which results in symptoms which occur
suddenly and unexpectedly, and requires immediate
care by a medical practitioner to prevent death or
serious long term impairment of the insured person’s
health.

Def. 17. Grace Period means the specified period of time
immediately following the premium due date during
which a payment can be made to renew or continue a
policy in force without loss of continuity benefits such
as waiting periods and coverage of pre —existing
diseases. Coverage is not available for the period for
which no premium is received.

Def. 18.Hospital means any institution established for in-
patient care and day care treatment oflllness and/
or injuries and which has been registered as a
hospital with the local authorities under the Clinical
Establishments (Registration and Regulation) Act
2010 or under the enactments specified under the
Schedule of Section 56(1) of the said act Or complies
with all minimum criteria as under:

ii)

iii)

ivy)

v)

has qualified nursing staff under its employment
round the clock;

has at least 10 in-patient beds in towns having a
population of less than 10,00,000 and at least 15
in-patient beds in all other places;

has qualified medical practitioner(s) in charge
round the clock;

has a fully equipped operation theatre of its own
where surgical procedures are carried out;
maintains daily records of patients and make
these accessible to the insurance company’s
authorized personnel;

Def. 19. Hospitalization means admission in a Hospital for a
minimum period of 24consecutive ‘In-patient Care’
hours except for specified procedures/treatments,
where such admission could be for a period of less
than 24 consecutive hours.

Def. 20.IIIness means a sickness or a disease or pathological

condition

leading to the impairment of normal

physiological function and requires medical treatment.

(a)

(b)

Acute condition —Acute condition means is a
disease, illness or injury that is likely to respond
quickly to treatment which aims to return the
person to his or her state of health immediately
before suffering the disease/illness/injury which
leads to full recovery

Chronic condition —A chronic condition is defined

as a disease, illness, or injury that has one or more
of the following characteristics:

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Lim

ited. IRDA Reg. No146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117, Registered & Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC
