30-d;
; 'aY Waiting Period ~ Code — Exclo3
i. Expenses related to

illness within 30 da the treatment of any

ys from the fi i
comm irst Policy
encement date shall be excluded

exce i isi
naan Claims arising due to an accident,
ided the same are covered.

ieee shall not, however, apply if the
Person has continuous coverage for
More than twelve months.

Ml. The within referred waiting period is made
applicable to the enhanced Sum Insured in
the event of granting higher Sum Insured
subsequently.

Investigation & Evaluation: Code Excl04

i. Expenses related to any admission primarily
for diagnostics and evaluation purposes
only are excluded.

ii. Any diagnostic expenses which are not

telated or not incidental to the current
diagnosis and treatment are excluded.

Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care: Code

— Excl05:

Expenses related to any admission primarily for

enforced bed rest and not for receiving treatment.

This also includes:

i. Custodial care either at home or ina nursing
facility for personal care such as help with
activities of daily living such as bathing,
dressing, moving around either by skilled
nurses or assistant or non-skilled persons.

ii. Any services for people who are terminally
ill to address physical, social, emotional and
spiritual needs.

Obesity/Weight control: Code — Excl06:

Expenses related to the surgical treatment of

obesity that does not fulfil all the below conditions:

i. Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice
of the Doctor

ii. The surgery/Procedure conducted should
be supported by clinical protocols

iii. |The member has to be 18 years of age or
older and

iv. Body Mass Index (BMI)
A. greater than or equal to 40 or

B. greater than or equal to 35 in
conjunction with any of the following
severe co-morbidities following failure
of less invasive methods of weight

loss:
1) Obesity-related cardiomyopathy
2) Coronary heart disease
3) Severe sleep apnoea
4) Uncontrolled type 2 diabetes

Change-of-Gender treatments: Code —- Excl07:
Expenses related to any treatment, including
surgical management, to change characteristics
of the body to those of the opposite sex.
Cosmetic or plastic Surgery: Code — Excl08:
Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or any
treatment to change appearance unless for
reconstruction following an Accident, Burn(s)
or Cancer or as part of Medically Necessary
Treatment to remove a direct and immediate
health risk to the insured. For this to be considered
a medical necessity, it must be certified by the
attending Medical Practitioner.

Hazardous or Adventure Sports: Code — Excl09:
Expenses related to any treatment necessitated
due to participation as a professional in Hazardous
or Adventure sports, including but not limited to,
para-jumping, rock climbing, mountaineering,
rafting, motor racing, horse racing or scuba diving,
hand gliding, sky diving, deep-sea diving.

Breach of Law: Code — Excl10: Expenses for
treatment directly arising from or consequent
upon any Insured Person committing or attempting
to commit a breach of law with criminal intent.

Excluded Providers: Code — Excli1: Expenses
incurred towards treatment in any hospital or by
any Medical Practitioner or any other provider
specifically excluded by the Insurer and disclosed
in its website/notified to the Policyholders are not
admissible. However, in case of Life Threatening
Situations or following an Accident, expenses up
to the stage of stabilization are payable but not
the complete claim.

Treatment for Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse
or any addictive condition and consequences
thereof. Code — Excl12.

Treatments received in health hydros, nature cure
Clinics, spas or similar establishments or private
beds registered as a nursing home attached
to such establishments or where admission is
arranged wholly or partly for domestic reasons.
Code — Excl13.

Dietary supplements and substances that can
be purchased without prescription, including
but not limited to Vitamins, minerals and organic
substances unless prescribed by a Medical
Practitioner as part of Hospitalization claim or Day
Care procedure, Code — Excl14.

Refractive Error: Code — Excl15: Expenses related
to the treatment for correction of eye sight due to
refractive error less than 7.5 dioptres.

Unproven Treatments: Code — Excl16: Expenses
related to any unproven treatment, services and
supplies for or in connection with any treatment.
Unproven treatments are treatments, procedures
or supplies that lack significant medical
documentation to support their effectiveness.

