during each Policy Year and any unutilized
amount, in whole or in part, will not be carried
forward to the subsequent Policy Year.

b. The Secure Benefit can be utilized for any number
of claims admissible under the Policy during the
Policy Year.

lon The Secure Benefit will be applicable only after
exhaustion of Base Sum Insured.

d. In case of family floater policy, the Secure Benefit
will be available on floater basis for all Insured
Persons covered under the Policy and will operate
in accordance with the above conditions.

2.6 Automatic Restore Benefit

In the event of complete or partial utilization of the Base
Sum Insured due to any claim admitted during the Policy
Year irrespective of the utilization of the Cumulative
Bonus, Plus Benefit, and Secure Benefit, the Company
shall restore the Sum Insured up to the Base Sum
Insured (as applicable under the current Policy Year)
for any subsequent claims admissible under Section B
(Base Coverage) and SectionB-2.3 (Protect Benefit) (ifin
force), subject to the following conditions:

a. This Automatic Restore Benefit shall be applied
only once during each Policy Year and any
unutilized amount, in whole or in part, will not be
carried forward to the subsequent Policy Year.

b. The Base Sum Insured restoration under the
Automatic Restore Benefit would be triggered
only upon complete or partial utilization of the
Base Sum Insured by the way of first claim
admitted under the Policy, and be available for
subsequent claims thereafter in the Policy Year,
for all Insured Persons.

Cc. In case of a family floater policy, the Automatic
Restore Benefit will be available on floater basis
for all Insured Persons covered under the Policy
and will operate in accordance with the above
conditions.

2.7. Aggregate Deductible

The Insured Person shall bear an amount equal to the
Aggregate Deductible specified on Policy Schedule for
all admissible claims made by the Insured Person and
assessed by the Company in a Policy Year. The liability
of the Company to pay the admissible claim under that
Policy Year will commence only once the specified
Aggregate Deductible has been exhausted. This Cover
shall be subject to the following conditions:

a. This Cover is applicable on annual aggregate
basis and can be opted only at inception of the
Policy or at subsequent Renewals. Aggregate
Deductible can be increased at the time of
Renewal.

b. In case of Individual Policy, the entire amount of
Aggregate Deductible must first be exhausted

on per Insured Person basis, once in a Policy
Year, before the Company pays for claims of that
Insured Person in that Policy Year.

c. In case of family floater Policy, the entire amount
of Aggregate Deductible must first be exhausted
by any one or more of the Insured Persons once in
a Policy Year before the Company pays for claims
of any Family Member covered under the Policy in
that Policy Year.

d. The Aggregate Deductible is not applicable to
Sections B-2.8 (E-Opinion for Critical Illness),
Section B-3 (Preventive Health Check Up),
Sections B-2.9 (Global Health Cover (Emergency
Treatments Only)), Section B-2.10 (Global Health
Cover (Emergency and Planned Treatments Only))
and Section B-211 (Overseas Travel Secure).
Hence, coverage under Section B-2.8 (E-opinion
for Critical Illness), Section B-3 (Preventive Health
Check Up), Section B-2.9 (Global Health Cover
(Emergency Treatments Only)), Section B-210
(Global Health Cover (Emergency and Planned
Treatments Only)) and Section B-2.11 (Overseas
Travel Secure) can be availed irrespective of
whether the chosen Aggregate Deductible limit is
breached or not, during the Policy Year.

2.74 Waiver of Aggregate Deductible

2.8

The Insured Person will have the option to either

reduce or waive the applicable deductible only once

in the lifetime of the Policy and at Renewal, subject
to underwriting and only if all the below mentioned
conditions are fulfilled:

a. Age of eldest Insured Person should be less than
50 years at the time of purchasing this Policy (with
aggregate deductible)

b. Only after completion of 5 continuous Policy Years
with Us in this Policy and the age of eldest Insured
Person covered in the Policy should be less than
61 years at the time of availing this option.

Cc. Continuity benefits of waiting period accrued
as per expiring Policy Year (with aggregate
deductible) shall be offered even after availing this
option.

d. This option shall apply to all Insured Person(s)
once selected, without any individual selection.

e. Post availing ‘Waiver of Aggregate Deductible’
option, premium will be charged as per the
modification made.

E-Opinion for Critical Illness

The Company shall indemnify the expenses incurred
by the Insured Person towards E-Opinion for Critical
Illness availed from a Medical Practitioner in respect
of any Major Medical Illness (of the nature listed below)
through the Network Provider specified in the Policy
Schedule, subject to the following conditions:

NN $$

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited, IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLCI77117. Registered & Corporate Office: tst Floor, HDFC

ce  ennme tn URES led and EOC
