1. itneeds Ongoing or long-term monitoring through

consultations, examinations, check-ups, and /or
tests

2. it needs ongoing or long-term control or relief of
symptoms

3. it requires rehabilitation for the patient or for the
Patient to be specially trained to cope with it

4. it continues indefinitely

5. it recurs or is likely to recur

Def. 21. Injury means _ accidental physical bodily harm

excluding illness or disease solely and directly
caused by external, violent and visible and evident
means which is verified and certified by a Medical
Practitioner.

Def. 22. Inpatient Care means treatment for which the

insured person has to stay in a hospital for more than
24 hours for a covered event.

Def. 23. Intensive Care Unit means an identified section,

ward or wing of a hospital which is under the constant
supervision of a dedicated medical practitioner(s),
and which is specially equipped for the continuous
monitoring and treatment of patients who are in a
critical condition, or require life support facilities
and where the level of care and supervision is
considerably more sophisticated and intensive than
in the ordinary and other wards.

Def. 24. ICU (Intensive Care Unit) Charges means the

amount charged by a Hospital towards ICU expenses
which shall include the expenses for ICU bed,
general medical support services provided to any
ICU patient including monitoring devices, critical care
nursing and intensivist charges

Def. 25. Medical Advice means any consultation or advice

from a Medical Practitioner including the issuance of
any prescription or follow-up prescription.

Def. 26. Medical Expenses means those expenses that

an Insured Person has necessarily and actually
incurred for medical treatment on account of Illness
or Accident on the advice of a Medical Practitioner,
as long as these are no more than would have been
payable if the Insured Person had not been insured
and no more than other hospitals or doctors in the
same locality would have charged for the same
medical treatment.

Def. 27. Medical Practitioner means a person who holds

a valid registration from the Medical Council of
any State or Medical Council of India or Council
for Indian Medicine or for Homeopathy set up by
the Government of India or a State Government
and is thereby entitled to practice medicine within
its jurisdiction; and is acting within the scope and
jurisdiction of license.Medical Practitioner who is
sharing the same residence as the Insured Person
and is a Family Member of the Insured Person are not
considered as Medical Practitioner under the scope
of this Policy.

Def. 28.

Def. 29.

Def. 30.

Def. 31.

Def. 32.

Def. 33.

Def. 34.

Def. 35.

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Rea. No146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLCI77117. Registered & Corporate Offi

Medical Practitioner (Definition applicable for the
treatment taken outside India) means a licensed
medical practitioner acting within the scope of his
license and who holds a degree of a recognized
institution and is registered by the Authorized
Medical Council of the respective country.

Medically Necessary Treatment means any
treatment, test, medication, or stay in hospital or part
of stay in hospital which:

i) is required for the medical management of the
illness or injury suffered by the insured;

ii) must not exceed the level of care necessary to
provide safe, adequate and appropriate medical
care in scope, duration or intensity;

ili) must have been prescribed by a_ medical
practitioner;

iv)must conform to the professional standards
widely accepted in international medical practice
or by the medical community in India.
Migration means, the right accorded to the health
insurance policyholders (including all members
under family cover and members of group health
insurance policy), to transfer the credit gained for
pre-existing conditions and time bound exclusions,
with the same insurer.

Network Provider means hospitals or health care
providers enlisted by an insurer, TPA or jointly by an
Insurer and TPA to provide medical services to an
insured by a cashless facility.

Non-Network Provider means any hospital, day
care centre or other provider that is not part of the
network.

Notification of Claim means the process of
intimating a claim to the insurer or TPA through any
of the recognized modes of communication.

OPD Treatment means the one in which the Insured
visits a clinic / hospital or associated facility like a
consultation room for diagnosis and treatment based
on the advice of a Medical Practitioner. The Insured
is not admitted as a day care patient or in-patient.

Portability means, the right accorded to individual
health insurance policyholders (including — all
members under family cover), to transfer the credit
gained for pre-existing conditions and time bound
exclusions, from one insurer to another insurer.
Pre-Existing Disease means any condition, ailment,
injury or disease:
a) That is/are diagnosed by a physician within 48
months prior to the effective date of the policy
issued by the insurer or its reinstatement or

b) For which medical advice or treatment was
recommended by, or received from, a physician
within 48 months prior to the effective date of the
policy issued by the insurer or its reinstatement.

Ist Floor, HDFC
