Recipient Insured Person’s claim under Section

B-11 (Hospitalization Expenses) is admissible

under the Policy,

Expenses listed below are excluded from this

Cover:

i. The organ donor's Pre-Hospitalization
Expenses and Post-Hospitalization Expenses.

ii. Expenses related to organ transportation or
preservation.

iii, Any other Medical Expenses or Hospitalization
consequent to the organ harvesting.

41.8. Cumulative Bonus (CB) [Applicable only to Optima

Suraksha plan]

Cumulative Bonus (CB) will be applied/increased by 10%
of the Base Sum Insured in respect of each claim free
Policy Year (where no claims are reported), provided the
Policy is renewed with the Company without a break,
subject to maximum cap of 100% of the Base Sum
Insured under the current Policy Year. If a claim is made
in any particular Policy Year, the CB accrued shall be
reduced at the same rate at which it has accrued.

Notes:

a.

In case where the Policy is on individual basis as
specified in the Policy Schedule, the CB shall be added
and available individually to the Insured Person if no
claim has been reported. CB shall reduce only in case
of claim from the same Insured Person.

In case where the Policy is on floater basis, the CB shall
be added and available to the family on floater basis,
provided no claim has been reported from any Family
Member. CB shall reduce in case of claim from any of
the Insured Persons.

CB shall be available only if the Policy is renewed/
premium paid within the Grace Period.

If the Insured Persons in the expiring policy are
covered on an individual basis as specified in the Policy
Schedule and there is an accumulated CB for such
Insured Persons under the expiring policy, and such
expiring policy has been Renewed on a floater policy
basis as specified in the Policy Schedule then the CB
to be carried forward for credit in such Renewed Policy
shall be the lowest one that is applicable among all the
Insured Persons.

In case of floater policies where the Insured Persons
Renew their expiring policy by splitting the Sum Insured
in to two or more floater policies/individual policies or in
cases where the Policy is split due to the child attaining
the Age of 25 years, the CB of the expiring policy
shall be apportioned to such Renewed Policies in the
proportion of the Sum Insured of each Renewed Policy

If the Sum Insured has been reduced at the time of
Renewal, the applicable CB shall be reduced in the
same proportion to the Sum Insured in current Policy.

24

If the Sum Insured under the Policy has been increased
at the time of Renewal, the CB shall be calculated on the
Sum Insured of the last completed Policy Year.

If a claim is made in the expiring Policy Year, and
is notified to the Company after the acceptance of
Renewal premium any awarded CB shall be withdrawn.

If the Policy Period is of two/three years, any CB that
has accrued for the first/second Policy Year shall be
credited post completion of each Policy Year.

New Insured Person added to the Policy during
subsequent Renewals will be eligible for CB as per their
Renewal terms.

CB shall be available only if the Cover is specified to be
applicable in the Policy Schedule.

Optional Covers

The Covers listed below are optional covers. An
optional cover is applicable to an Insured Person only
if it is specified in the Policy Schedule to be in force
for that Insured Person, and such optional cover will be
available in accordance with the procedures set out in
this Policy and up to the Sub-limits mentioned in the
Policy Schedule.

The optional covers shall apply to all Insured Person(s)
once selected, without any individual selection.

Note: Please refer to Annexure C’ for Optional Covers
which are in-built in Your plan.

Emergency Air Ambulance

The Company shall indemnify expenses incurred by
the Insured Person during the Policy Year towards
Ambulance transportation in an airplane or helicopter
for Emergency Care which requires immediate and rapid
Ambulance transportation that ground transportation
cannot provide from the site of first occurrence of the
Iliness or Accident to the nearest Hospital. The claim is
subject to a maximum of Sum Insured as specified in the
Policy Schedule against this Cover, and subject to the
following conditions:

a. The air Ambulance transportation is advised in
writing by a Medical Practitioner.

b. Medically Necessary Treatment is not available at
the location where the Insured Person is situated
at the time of emergency.

c. The air Ambulance provider is a registered entity
in India (except Section B-2.9 (Global Health Cover
(Emergency Treatments Only)) and Section B-2.10
(Global Health Cover (Emergency and Planned
Treatments Only).

d. The Insured Person is in India and the treatment
is taken in India only(except Section B-2.9 (Global
Health Cover (Emergency Treatments Only)) and
Section B-2.10 (Global Health Cover (Emergency
and Planned Treatments Only).

e. No return transportation to the Insured Person’s

pe

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited, IRDAI Rea, No146. CIN: UG6030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC
