1A,

41AA.

Hospitalization Expenses

The Company shall indemnify Medical Expenses
necessarily incurred by the Insured Person for
Hospitalization of the Insured Person during the Policy
Year due to Illness or Injury, up to the Sum Insured and
Cumulative Bonus Specified in the Policy Schedule for:

a. Room Rent, boarding, nursing expenses as

Provided by the Hospital / Nursing Home.

b, Intensive Care Unit (ICU) / Intensive Cardiac Care
Unit (ICCU) expenses.

¢. Surgeon, anaesthetist, Medical Practitioner,
consultants, specialist Fees during Hospitalization
forming part of Hospital bill.

d. Investigative —_ treatments and diagnostic
procedures directly related to Hospitalization.

e Medicines and drugs prescribed in writing by
Medical Practitioner.

f. Intravenous fluids, blood transfusion, surgical
appliances, allowable consumables and/or enteral
feedings. Operation theatre charges.

g. The cost of prosthetics and other devices or
equipment, if implanted internally during Surgery.

Other Expenses

i. Expenses incurred on road Ambulance if the
Insured Person is required to be transferred to the
nearest Hospital for Emergency Care or from one
Hospital to another Hospital or from Hospital to
Home (within same city) following Hospitalization.

ii. In patient Care Dental Treatment, necessitated
due to disease or Injury

iii. Plastic Surgery, necessitated due to Injury
iv. All Day Care Treatments.

Note

i.

2.

Expenses of Hospitalization for a minimum period of 24
consecutive hours only shall be admissible. However,
the time limit shall not apply in respect of Day Care
Treatment.

The Hospitalization must be for Medically Necessary
Treatment, and prescribed in writing by Medical
Practitioner.

Home Health Care

The Company shall indemnify the Medical Expenses
incurred by the Insured Person on availing treatment at
Home during the Policy Year, if prescribed in writing by
the treating Medical Practitioner, provided that:

a. The treatment in normal course would require
In-patient Care at a Hospital, and be admissible
under Section B-11 (Hospitalization Expenses).

b. The treatment is pre-authorized by the Company
as per procedure given under Claims Procedure -
Section E-1,

1.3.

1.4.

1.5.

1.6.

1.7.

Records of the treatment administered, duly
signed by the treating Medical Practitioner,are
maintained for each day of the Home treatment.

c.

This Cover is not available on reimbursement basis.

Domiciliary Hospitalization

The Company shall indemnify the Medical Expenses
incurred during the Policy Year on Domiciliary
Hospitalization of the Insured Person prescribed in
writing by treating Medical Practitioner, provided that:

a. the condition of the Insured Person is such that
he/she could not be removed/admitted to a
Hospital.

or,

b. the Medically Necessary Treatment is taken at
Home on account of non-availability of room in a
Hospital.

AYUSH Treatment

The Company shall indemnify the Medical Expenses
incurred by the Insured Person for Inpatient Care under
Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and
Homeopathy systems of medicines during each Policy
Year up to the Sub-limit specified against this Cover in
the Policy Schedule, in any AYUSH Hospital.

Pre-Hospitalization Expenses

The Company shall indemnify the Pre-Hospitalization
Medical Expenses incurred by the Insured Person,
related to an admissible Hospitalization under
Section B-11 (Hospitalization Expenses), for up to
60 days immediately prior to the date of admissible
Hospitalization covered under the Policy.

Post-Hospitalization Expenses

The Company shall indemnify the Post-Hospitalization
Medical Expenses incurred by the Insured Person,
related to an admissible Hospitalization under Section
B-1.1 (Hospitalization Expenses), for up to 180 days from
the date of discharge from the Hospital, following an
admissible Hospitalization claim under the Policy.

Organ Donor Expenses

The Company shall indemnify the Medical Expenses
covered under Section B-1.(Hospitalization Expenses)
which are incurred by the Insured Person during the
Policy Year towards the organ donor’s Hospitalization
for harvesting of the donated organ where an Insured
Person is the recipient, subject to the following
conditions:

a. The organ donor is any person whose organ
has been made available in accordance and in
compliance with The Transplantation of Human
Organ (amendment) Act, 2011, Transplantation of
Human Organs and Tissues Rules, 2014 and other
applicable laws and/or regulations.

pa

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited, IRDAI Reg. No146. CIN: U66

ape ane

030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC

TN AAN Tad. lane dienlasad akhra halnnne tn URES l¢d and COCK
