Wrihe insured has not made any claim during the Free
ook Period, the insured shall be entitled to:

a.

a refund of the Premium paid less any expenses
incurred by the Company on medical examination
of the insured Person and the stamp duty charges
or
where the risk has already commenced and
the option of return of the policy is exercised
by the insured person, a deduction towards the
proportionate risk premium for period of cover or

c. Where only a part of the insurance coverage

1.9.

41:10.

1.11.

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited, IRDAI
House. 165-166 Backbay Reclamation. HT Parekh Marn Che eek es,

has commenced, such proportionate premium
commensurate with the insurance coverage
during such period.

Renewal of Policy:

The policy shall ordinarily be renewable except on
grounds of fraud, misrepresentation by the insured
person.

a. The Company shall endeavour to give notice for
Renewal. However, the Company is not under
obligation to give any notice for Renewal

b. — Renewal shall not be denied on the ground that
the Insured Person had made a claim or claims in
the preceding policy years

c Request for Renewal along with requisite premium
shall be received by the Company before the end
of the policy period

d. At the end of the policy period, the Policy shall
terminate and can be renewed within the Grace
Period of 30 days to maintain continuity of
benefits without Break in Policy. Coverage is not
available during the Grace Period

e. No loading shall apply on renewals based on
individual claims experience.

Portability

The Insured Person will have the option to port the
Policy to other insurers by applying to such Insurer to
port the entire policy along with all the members of the
family, if any, at least 45 days before, but not earlier
than 60 days from the policy renewal date as per
IRDAI guidelines related to Portability. If such person is
presently covered and has been continuously covered
without any lapses under any health insurance policy
with an Indian General/Health insurer, the proposed
Insured Person will get the accrued continuity benefits
in waiting periods as per IRDAI guidelines on portability.
For Detailed Guidelines on Portability, kindly refer the
link
https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/frmGuidelines__
Layout.aspx?page=PageNo3987

Migration

The Insured Person will have the option to migrate
the Policy to other health insurance products/plans

Reg. No146, CIN: U660:

112.

143.

offered by the Company by applying for Migration of
the policyatleast30 days before the policy renewal date
as per IRDAI guidelines on Migration. If such person is
presently covered and has been continuously covered
without any lapses under any health insurance product/
plan offered by the Company, the Insured Person will
get the accrued continuity benefits in waiting periods as
per IRDAI guidelines on Migration.

For Detailed Guidelines on Migration, kindly refer the

link

https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/frmGuidelines_
Layout.aspx?page=PageNo3987

Cancellation

a.

The Policyholder may cancel this Policy by giving
15 days’ written notice and in such an event, the
Company shall refund to the Insured a pro-rata
premium for the unexpired Policy Period.

Note: For Policies where premium is paid by
instalment: In case of admissible claim under the
Policy, future instalment for the current Policy
Year will be adjusted in the claim amount and no
refund of any premium will be applicable during
the Policy Year

The Company may cancel the Policy at any time
on grounds of misrepresentation non-disclosure
of material facts, fraud by the Insured Person by
giving 15 days’ written notice. There would be no
refund of premium on cancellation on grounds
of misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material
facts or fraud.

Refund of Policy premium in case of death
of Insured Person/s: Policy premium shall be
refunded proportionately for the deceased
Insured Person, for the unexpired Policy Period in
case of death of any Insured Person/s
Notwithstanding anything contained herein or
otherwise, no refunds of premium shall be made
in respect of Cancellation where any claim has
been admitted or any benefit has been availed by
the Insured Person under the Policy.

Premium Payment in Instalments

If the Insured Person has opted for payment of Premium
on an instalment basis i.e. Yearly, Half Yearly, Quarterly
or Monthly, as mentioned in the Policy Schedule, the
following Conditions shall apply (notwithstanding any
terms contrary elsewhere in the Policy):

a.

Grace Period as mentioned in the table below
would be given to pay the instalment premium
due for the Policy

Options Instalment Grace Period
Premium Option applicable
Option 1 Multi-Year / Yearly 30 days
Option 2 Half Yearly 30 days
Option 3 Quarterly 30 days
Option 4 Monthly 15 Days

30MH2007PLC177117, Registered & Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC
