Def. 11.

Def. 12.

Def. 13.

Def. 14.

Def. 15.

Def. 16.

Def. 17.

Def. 18.

Def. 19.

Def. 20.

Commencement Date means the date of
commencement of insurance coverage under the
Policy as specified in the Policy Schedule.

Family Members means any one or more of the
following family members of the Insured Person:

i, Legally wedded spouse.
ii. Parents and parents-in-law.

iii, Dependent Children (ie. natural or legally
adopted) between the Age 90 days to Age
25 years. If the child above 18 years of Age
is financially independent, he or she shall be
ineligible for coverage under this Policy in the
subsequent renewals.

Home means the Insured Person's place of
permanent residence as specified in the Policy
Schedule.

Insured Personmeans persons named in the Policy
Schedule who are insured under the Policyand in
respect of whom the applicable premium has been
received in full.

Life threatening situation shall mean a serious
medical condition or symptom resulting from Injury or
Illness which is not Pre-Existing Disease, which arises
suddenly and unexpectedly, and requires immediate
care and treatment by a Medical Practitioner,
generally received within 24 hours of onset to avoid
jeopardy to life or serious long term impairment of
the Insured Person’s health, until stabilisation at
which time this medical condition or symptom is not
considered an Emergency anymore.

Material Facts means all relevant information sought
by the Company in the Proposal Form and other
connected documents to enable it to take informed
decision in the context of underwriting the risk.

Policy means these Policy wordings, the Policy
Schedule and any applicable endorsements or
extensions attaching to or forming part thereof,
as amended from time to time, and shall be read
together. The Policy contains details of the extent
of cover available to the Insured Person, applicable
exclusions and the terms & conditions applicable
under the Policy.

Policy Period means the period between the
Commencement Date and either the Expiry Date
specified in the Policy Scheduleor the date of
cancellation of this Policy, whichever is earlier.

Policyholder means person who has proposed the
Policy and in whose name the Policy is issued.

Policy Schedule means the Policy Schedule attached
to and forming part of this Policyspecifying the details
of the Insured Persons, the Sum Insured, the Policy
Period and the Sub-limits to which benefits under the
Policy are subject to,including any annexures and/or
endorsements, made to or on it from time to time,
and if more than one, then the latest in time.

Def. 21.

Def. 22.

Def. 23.

Def. 24.

Def. 25.

Def. 26.

Policy Year means a period of twelve months
beginning from the Commencement Date and
ending on the last day of such twelve-month period.
For the purpose of subsequent years, Policy Year
shall mean a period of twelve months commencing
from the end of the previous Policy Year and lapsing
on the last day of such twelve-month period, till the
Expiry Date, as specified in the Policy Schedule.

Preventive Health Check-up means a package of
medical test(s) undertaken for general assessment
of health status, excluding any diagnostic or
investigative medical tests for evaluation of Illness or
a disease.

E-Opinion for Critical Illness means a procedure
where by upon request of the Insured Person,
an independent Medical Practitioner reviews
and opines on the treating Medical Practitioner's
recommendation as to care and treatment of the
Insured Person by reviewing Insured Person's
medical status and history.Such an opinion shall
not be deemed to substitute the Insured Person's
physical visit or consultation to an independent
Medical Practitioner.

Sub-limit means a cost sharing requirement under
a health insurance policy in which an insurer would
not be liable to pay any amount in excess of the pre-
defined limit. The Sub-limit as applicable under the
Policy is specified in the Policy Schedule against the
relevant Cover in force under the Policy.

Sum Insured means the aggregate limit of indemnity
consisting of the Base Sum Insured, Cumulative
Bonus, Plus Benefit, Secure Benefit and Automatic
Restore Benefit (provided that these optional covers
are in force for the Insured Person), which represents
the maximum, total and cumulative liability of the
Company for any and all claims made under the
Policy, in respect of that Insured Person (on Individual
basis) or all Insured Persons (on Floater basis) during
the Policy Year.

Waiting Period means a period from the inception
of this Policy during which specified diseases/
treatments are not covered. On completion of the
Waiting Period, diseases/treatments shall be covered
provided the Policy has been continuously renewed
without any break.

Section B. Benefits

1. Base Coverage

The Covers listed below are in-built Policy benefits and
shall be available to all Insured Persons in accordance
with the procedures set out in this Policy and up to the
Sub-limits mentioned in the Policy Schedule. Cumulative
Bonus shall be available only if the Cover is specified to
be applicable in the Policy Schedule.

Claims made in respect of any of these Covers will
affect the eligibility for the additional Covers set out in
Section B-2 and Section B-3 below.

$$
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited, IRDAI Reg. No146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC
