Home or elsewhere by the air Ambulance will be
covered under this Cover.

A claim for the same Hospitalization is admissible
under Section B-1 (Hospitalization Expenses) OR
Section B-2.9 (Global Health Cover (Emergency
Treatments Only)) OR Section B-210 (Global

Health Cover (Emergency and Planned Treatments
Only).

g. The amount specified in the Policy schedule
against this benefit denotes the Company's
maximum liability in respect to the benefit and
shall not reduce the Sum Insured of the policy.

2.2 Daily Cash for Shared Room

The Company shall pay a daily cash amount as
specified in Policy Schedule for each continuous and
completed 24 hours of Hospitalization during the Policy
Year if the Insured Person is Hospitalised in shared
accommodation in a Network Provider Hospital and
such Hospitalization exceeds 48 consecutive hours.

Specific Exclusions:

a. The Coveris not available for the time spent by the
Insured Person in an Intensive Care Unit (ICU).

b. The claim for the same Hospitalization is not
admissible under Section B-1.1 (Hospitalization
Expenses).

c. The amount specified in the Policy schedule
against this benefit denotes the Company's
maximum liability in respect to the benefit and
shall not reduce the Sum Insured of the policy.

2.3 Protect Benefit
The Company shall indemnify the Insured Person for
the Non-Medical Expenses listed under Annexure B
to this Policy incurred in relation to a claim admissible
under Section B-1 (Base Coverage) during the Policy
Year.
Exclusion (k) of SectionC.2 - Specific Exclusions shall
not apply to this Cover.

2.4 Plus Benefit

On Renewal of this Policy with the Company without a
break, a sum equal to 50% of the Base Sum Insured
under the expiring Policy will be added to the Sum
Insured available under the Renewed Policy subject to
the following conditions:

a. The applicable Plus Benefit under this Cover can
only be accumulated up to 100% of Base Sum
Insured, and will be applicable only to the Insured
Person covered under the expiring Policy and
who continues to remain insured on Renewal.

b. The applicable Plus Benefit shall be applied
annually only on completion of each Policy Year,
and once added, the accumulated amount will
be carried forward to the subsequent Policy Year,
subject to there being no Break in Policy.

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited, IRDAI Reg. No146. CIN: U6

c. This Cover will be applied irrespective of number
of claims made under the expiring Policy.

d. This applicable Plus Benefit under this Cover
can be utilized only for claims admissible under
Section B-1 (Base Coverage) and Section B-2.3
(Protect Benefit) of the Policy.

Notes:

vii.

viii.

25

030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC

In case where the Policy is issued on an individual
basis, the Plus Benefit shall be added and available
individually to the Insured Person. In case where the
Policy is on floater basis, the Plus Benefit shall be added
and available to all Family Members on a floater basis.

Plus Benefit shall be available only if the Policy is
renewed and due premium is received within the Grace
Period.

If the Insured Persons in the expiring policy are covered
on an individual basis as specified in the Policy Schedule
and there is an accumulated Plus Benefit for such
Insured Persons under the expiring policy, and such
expiring policy has been Renewed on a floater policy
basis as specified in the Policy Schedule then the Plus
Benefit to be carried forward for credit in such Renewed
Policy shall be the lowest one that is applicable among
all the Insured Persons.

In case of floater policies where Insured Persons Renew
their expiring policy by splitting the Sum Insured in to
two or more floater policies/individual policies or in
cases where the Policy is split due to the child attaining
the Age of 25 years, the Plus Benefit of the expiring
policy shall be apportioned to such Renewed Policies
in the proportion of the Sum Insured of each Renewed
Policy

If the Sum Insured has been reduced at the time of
Renewal, the applicable Plus Benefit shall be reduced
in the same proportion to the Sum Insured in current
Policy.

If the Sum Insured under the Policy has been increased
at the time of Renewal, the Plus Benefit shall be
calculated on the Sum Insured of the last completed
Policy Year.

If the Policy Period is of two or three years, the Plus
Benefit shall be credited post completion of each Policy
Year, and will be available for any claims made in the
subsequent Policy Year.

New Insured Person added to the Policy during
subsequent Renewals will be eligible for the Plus
Benefit as per their Renewal terms.

Secure Benefit

An additional amount as specified in the Policy
Schedule will be available to the Insured Person as Sum
Insured for all claims admissible under Section B (Base
Coverage) and Section B-2.3 (Protect Benefit) during
the Policy Year, subject to the following conditions:

a. This Secure Benefit shall be applied only once

we Laman dienlavad ahove helanac to HDEC I td and EDC
