S. |Title
no. |

Description

Policy clause
number

3 What are
the major
exclusions in
the Policy:

We will not pay expenses arising from.

i. Investigation & Evaluation: Code — Excl04
a. Expenses related to any admission primarily for diagnostic

and evaluation purposes only are excluded.

b. Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or not
incidental to the current diagnosis and treatment are
excluded.

ii. Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care: Code — Excl05 —
Expenses related to any admission primarily for enforced bed
rest and not for receiving treatment. This also includes:

a. Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility for
personal care such as help with activities of daily living such
as bathing, dressing, moving around either by skilled nurses
or assistant or non-skilled persons.

b. Any services for people who are terminally ill to address
physical, social, emotional and spiritual needs.

iii. Obesity/Weight control: Code — Excl06 — Expenses related to
the surgical treatment of obesity that does not fulfil all the below
conditions:

a. Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the doctor.

b. The surgery/procedure conducted should be supported by
clinical protocols.

c. The member has to be 18 years of age or older and,

d. Body Mass Index (BMI)

i. Greater than or equal to 40 or,

ii. Greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of
the following severe co-morbidities following failure of
less invasive methods of weight loss:

1. Obesity related cardiomyopathy
2. Coronary heart disease

3. Severe sleep apnoea

4. Uncontrolled type2 diabetes

iv. Change-of-Gender treatments: Code — Excl07 — Expenses
related to any treatment, including surgical management, to
change characteristics of the body to those of the opposite sex.

(Note: The above is a partial listing of the Policy exclusions. Please
refer to the Policy clauses for the full listing)

Section C..d

Section C.1.e

Section C1.

Section C1.g

4 |w

faiting
Periods

+ Pre-existing Diseases will be covered after a waiting period of
36 months.

+ 24months for specific illness and treatments in the first two years
and is not applicable in subsequent renewals.

+ 30 days for all illnesses (except accident) in the first year and is
not applicable in subsequent renewals.

Section Ci1.a

Section C1.b

Section Ci.c

HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limit

IN: U66030MH2007PLC177117, Registered & Corporate Offi

