1.6.

In the case of delay in the payment of a claim
the Company shall be liable to Pay interest to
the Policyholder from the date of receipt of last
necessary document to the date of payment of
claim at a rate 2% above the bank rate.

However, where the circumstances of a claim
warrant an investigation in the opinion of the
Company, it shall initiate and complete such
investigation at the earliest, in any case not later
than 30 days from the date of receipt of last
necessary document. In such cases, the Company
shall settle or reject the claim within 45 days from
the date of receipt of last necessary document.

d. In case of delay beyond stipulated 45 days, the
Company shall be liable to pay interest to the
Policyholder at a rate 2% above the bank rate from
the date of receipt of last necessary document to
the date of payment of claim.

1.4. Complete Discharge

Any payment to the Policyholder, Insured Person or
his/ her nominees or his/ her legal representative or
assignee or to the Hospital, as the case may be, for
any benefit under the Policy shall be a valid discharge
towards payment of claim by the Company to the extent
of that amount for the particular claim.

Fal
a

Multiple Policies

a. In case of multiple policies taken by an Insured
Person during a period from one or more insurers
to indemnify treatment costs, the Insured Person
shall have the right to require a settlement of his/
her claim in terms of any of his/her policies. In
all such cases the Insurer chosen by the Insured
Person shall be obliged to settle the claim as long
as the claim is within the limits of and according to
the terms of the chosen Policy.

b. Insured Person having multiple policies shall also
have the right to prefer claims under this Policy for
the amounts disallowed under any other policy /
policies even if the Sum Insured is not exhausted.
Then the insurer shall independently settle the
claim subject to the terms and conditions of this
Policy.

c. If the amount to be claimed exceeds the Sum
Insured under a single Policy, the Insured Person
shall have the right to choose Insurer from whom
he/she wants to claim the balance amount.

d. Where the Insured Person has policies from
more than one Insurer to cover the same risk on
indemnity basis, the Insured Person shall only be
indemnified the treatment costs in accordance
with the terms and conditions of the chosen
Policy.

Moratorium Period
After completion of eight continuous years under the

17.

1.8.

policy, no look back to be applied. This period of eight
years is called as Moratorium Period. The moratorium
would be applicable for the sums insured of the first
policy and subsequently completion of 8 continuous
years would be applicable from date of enhancement
of sums insured only on the enhanced limits. After
the expiry of Moratorium Period no health insurance
claim shall be contestable except for proven fraud and
permanent exclusions specified in the policy contract.
The policies would however be subject to all limits,
sub limits, co-payments, deductibles as per the policy
contract.

Fraud

If any claim made by the Insured Person, is in any respect
fraudulent, or if any false statement, or declaration is
made or used in support thereof, or if any fraudulent
means or devices are used by the Insured Person or
anyone acting on his/her behalf to obtain any benefit
under this Policy, all benefits under this policy and the
premium paid shall be forfeited.

Any amount already paid against claims made under
this Policy but which are found fraudulent later shall
be repaid by all recipient(s)/Policyholder(s), who have
made that particular claim, who shall be jointly and
severally liable for such repayment to the Insurer.

For the purpose of this clause, the expression “fraud”
means any of the following acts committed by the
Insured Person or by his agent or the hospital/doctor/
any other party acting on behalf of the Insured Person,
with intent to deceive the insurer or to induce the
insurer to issue an insurance policy:

a. the suggestion, as a fact of that which is not true
and which the Insured Person does not believe to
be true;

b. the active concealment of a fact by the Insured
Person having knowledge or belief of the fact;

c. any other act fitted to deceive; and

d. any such act or omission as the law specially
declares to be fraudulent.

The Company shall not repudiate the claim and / or
forfeit the Policy benefits on the ground of Fraud, if the
Insured Person / beneficiary can prove that the mis-
statement was true to the best of his knowledge and
there was no deliberate intention to suppress the fact
or that such mis-statement of or suppression of material
fact are within the knowledge of the Insurer.

Free look Period

The Free Look Period shall be applicable on new
individual health insurance policies and not on renewals
or at the time of porting/migrating the policy.

The insured person shall be allowed free look period of
fifteen days from date of receipt of the policy document
to review the terms and conditions of the policy, and to
return the same if not acceptable.

$$
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No146, CIN: UG6030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC
