Def. 36.

Def. 37.

Def. 38.

Def. 39.

Def. 40.

Def. 41.

Def. 42.

Def. 43.

Pre-hospitalization Medical Expenses means
Medical Expenses incurred during pre-defined
number of days preceding the hospitalization of the
Insured Person, provided that:

i, Such Medical Expenses are incurred for the
same condition for which the Insured Person's
Hospitalization was required, and

ii. The In-patient Hospitalization claim for such
Hospitalization is admissible by the Insurance
Company.

Post-hospitalization Medical Expenses means

Medical Expenses incurred during pre-defined

number of days immediately after the insured person

is discharged from the hospital provided that:

i. Such Medical Expenses are for the same condition
for which the insured person's hospitalization was
required, and

ii, The inpatient hospitalization claim for such
hospitalization is admissible by the insurance
company.

Qualified Nurse means a person who holds a valid

registration from the Nursing Council of India or the

Nursing Council of any state in India.

Reasonable and Customary Charges means
the charges for services or supplies, which are
the standard charges for a specific provider and
consistent with the prevailing charges in the
geographical area for identical or similar services,
taking into account the nature of illness/ injury
involved.

Renewal means the terms on which the contract of
insurance can be renewed on mutual consent with
a provision of grace period for treating the renewal
continuous for the purpose of gaining credit for pre-
existing diseases, time-bound exclusions and for all
waiting periods.

Room Rent means the amount charged by a Hospital
towards Room and Boarding expenses and shall
include the associated medical expenses.

Surgery or Surgical Procedure means manual and
/ or operative procedure (s) required for treatment
of an illness or injury, correction of deformities and
defects, diagnosis and cure of diseases, relief from
suffering and prolongation of life, performed in a
hospital or day care centre by a medical practitioner.
Unproven/Experimental Treatment means the
treatment including drug experimental therapy which
is based on established medical practice in India, is a
treatment experimental or unproven.

Specific Definitions

The terms defined below and at other junctures
in the Policy have the meanings ascribed to them
wherever they appear in this Policy and, where,
the context so requires, references to the singular

Def. 1.

Def. 2.

Def. 4.

Def. 6.

Def. 7.

Def. 8.

Def. 9.

Def. 10.

include references to the plural; references to the
male includes the female and references to any
statutory enactment includes subsequent changes
to the same.

Adventurous/Hazardous Sports means any sport or
activity involving physical exertion and skill in which
an Insured Person participates or competes for
entertainment or as part of his profession whether he
/she is trained or not.

Age means completed years on last birthday as on
Commencement Date.

Aggregate Deductible means a_ cost-sharing
requirement that provides that the Company will
not be liable for a specified amount of the covered
expenses in respect of all admissible claims made
under the Policy in aggregate, and which will apply
before any benefits are payable by the Company.
The Aggregate Deductible does not reduce the Sum
Insured.

Ambulance means a motor vehicle operated by a
licenced/authorised service provider and equipped
for the transport and paramedical treatment of the
person requiring medical attention.

AYUSH Treatment refers to hospitalisation
treatments given under Ayurveda, Yoga and
Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy
systems.

Bank Rate means the rate fixed by the Reserve Bank
of India (RBI) at the beginning of the financial year,
which shall be applied depending on the year in
which a claim is due.

Base Sum Insured means the pre-defined limit
specified in the Policy Schedule which represents
Our maximum, total, and cumulative liability under
the Policy for the respective Policy Year, subject to
the additional cover amounts which may be available
under any optional covers in-force and specified in
the Policy Schedule.

Break in Policy means the period of gap that occurs
at the end of the existing Policy Period, when the
premium due for renewal of the Policy is not paid
on or before the premium renewal date specified in
the Policy Schedule or within the subsequent Grace
Period.

Biological Attack or Weapons means the emission,
discharge, dispersal, release or escape of any
pathogenic (disease producing) micro-organisms
and/or biologically produced toxins (including
genetically modified organisms and chemically
synthesized toxins) which are capable of causing any
Illness, incapacitating disablement or death.

Chemical attack or weapons means the emission,
discharge, dispersal, release or escape of any solid,
liquid or gaseous chemical compound which, when
suitably distributed, is capable of causing any Illness,
incapacitating disablement or death.

me N  ———$————
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Corporate Office: ‘st Floor, HDFC

