Preamble

iets ba @ contract of insurance issued by HDFC ERGO
the ‘Company Company Limited (hereinafter called
Seheduie therein ‘© the proposer mentioned in the Policy

after called the ‘Policyholder’) to cover the
person(s) named in the Policy Schedule (hereinafter called
the ‘Insured Person(s)’. The Policy is based on the statements
and declaration provided by the Policyholder in the Proposal
Form as well as in any welcome or other tele-verification
calls with the Company's authorized person and is subject to
receipt of the requisite premium.

Operating Clause

If during the Policy Period the Insured Person is required to be
Hospitalized for treatment of an Illness or Injury at a Hospital/
Day Care Centre or given treatment at Home, following
Medical Advice of a duly qualified Medical Practitioner, the
Company shall indemnify Medical Expenses necessarily
incurred towards the Covers in force under the Policy, as
specified in the Policy Schedule.

Provided further that, any amount payable under the Policy
shall be subject to the terms of coverage (including Aggregate
Deductible, Sub-limits), exclusions, conditions and definitions
contained herein. The maximum, total and cumulative liability
of the Company under any and all such claims during each
Policy Year shall be the Sum Insured (Individual or Floater),
including optional covers and other add on covers in force
under the Policy, and Cumulative Bonus (if any) specified in
the Policy Schedule.

Section A. Definitions

1.1. Standard Definitions

The terms defined below and at other junctures in the
Policy have the meanings ascribed to them wherever
they appear in this Policy and, where, the context so
requires, references to the singular include references
to the plural; references to the male includes the female
and references to any statutory enactment includes
subsequent changes to the same.

Def.1. Accident means a sudden, unforeseen and
involuntary event caused by external, visible and
violent means.

Def. 2. Any one illness means continuous period of illness
and includes relapse within 45 days from the date
of last consultation with the Hospital/Nursing Home
where treatment was taken.

Def. 3. AYUSH Hospital is a healthcare facility wherein
medical/surgical/para-surgical treatment procedures
and interventions are carried out by AYUSH Medical
Practitioner(s) comprising of any of the following:

a. Central or State Government AYUSH Hospital; or

b. Teaching hospital attached to AYUSH College
recognized by the Central Government /Central
Council of Indian Medicine/Central Council for
Homeopathy; or

UDFEC ERGO General Insurance Comnany | imited. IRDAI Rea. No146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & Cor orate

c. AYUSH Hospital, standalone or co-located within-
patient healthcare facility of any recognized
system of medicine, registered with the local
authorities, wherever applicable, and is under
the supervision of a qualified registered AYUSH
Medical Practitioner and must comply with all the
following criterion:

i. Having at least 5 in-patient beds;

ii. Having qualified AYUSH Medical Practitioner
in charge round the clock;

iii. | Having dedicated AYUSH therapy sections
as required and/or has equipped operation
theatre where surgical procedures are to be
carried out;

iv. Maintaining daily records of the patients and
making them accessible to the insurance
company’s authorized representative.

Def.4. AYUSH Day Care Centre means and _ includes
Community Health Centre (CHC), Primary Health
Centre (PHC), Dispensary, Clinic, Polyclinic or any
such health centre which is registered with the local
authorities, wherever applicable and having facilities
for carrying out treatment procedures and medical
or surgical/para-surgical interventions or both
under the supervision of registered AYUSH Medical
Practitioner(s) on day care basis without in-patient
services and must comply with all the following
criterion:

i, Having qualified registered AYUSH Medical
Practitioner (s) in charge;

ii, Having dedicated AYUSH therapy sections as
required and/or has equipped operation theatre
where surgical procedures are to be carried out,

iii, Maintaining daily records of the patients and

making them accessible to the insurance
company’s authorized representative.

Def. 5. Cashless facility means a facility extended by the
insurer to the insured where the payments, of the
costs of treatment undergone by the insured in
accordance with the policy terms and conditions, are
directly made to the network provider by the insurer
to the extent pre-authorization is approved.

Def.6. Condition Precedent means a policy term or

condition upon which the Insurer's liability under the

policy is conditional upon.

Congenital Anomaly means a condition which is

present since birth, and which is abnormal with

reference to form, structure or position.

a) Internal Congenital Anomaly: Congenital
anomaly which is not in the visible and accessible
parts of the body.

b) External Congenital Anomaly: Congenital
anomaly which is in the visible and accessible
parts of the body.

Def. 7.

Office: 1st Floor, HDFC

