1.6. Procedure for Reimbursement Claims I

For reimbursement of claims, the Insured Person shall
submit the necessary documents to the Company within m.
the prescribed time limit as specified hereunder.

Copy of Death Summary and copy of Death
Certificate (in death claims only),

Copy of indoor case papers with nursing sheet
detailing medical history of the Insured Person,

treatment details, and patient’s progress (to be
submitted wherever required by the Company).

Type of Claim

Prescribed Time limit

Rei a
peuiriahaal Within 30 days of date of n. Invoice for vaccination and payment receipt,
ion, Da i
Care Treatment or bre. discharge from Hospital. ©. — Original invoices for the expenses incurred towards
: ambulanc it it i it
Hospitalization Expenses Companys onetbeee ined iid
Reimbursement of Post- Within 15 days from P. _ KYC documents (in all claims above Rs. 1 lakh) of

Hospitalization Expenses completion of post the Policyholder as per AML guidelines,

Hospitalization treatment.

1.7. List of documents required for a Claim

The reimbursement claim is to be supported with the

following documents and submitted within the prescribed

time limit.

a. Duly Completed claim form,

b. Photo ID and Age Proof,

om Copy of the Hospital’s Registration Certificate/
Hospital Registration number in case of
Hospitalization in any non-Network Provider of
the Company or certificate from Hospital authorities
providing facilities available including number of
beds,

d. Discharge Card / Day Care Summary / Transfer
Summary,

e. _ Final Hospital bill with all original deposit and final
payment receipt and refund receipt(s), if advance
amount refunded,

f Invoice with payment receipt and implant stickers
for all implants used during Surgeries e.g. lens
sticker and invoice in cataract Surgery, stent invoice
and sticker in Angioplasty Surgery,

g. All previous consultation papers indicating history
and treatment details for current Illness and advice
for current Hospitalization,

h. All diagnostic reports (including imaging and
laboratory) along with prescription by Medical
Practitioner and invoice / bill with receipt from
diagnostic centre,

i Allmedicine / pharmacy bills along with prescription
by Medical Practitioner,

j. MLC/FIR Copy — in Accident cases only,

k. History of alcohol consumption or any intoxication
certified by first treating doctor in case of Accident
cases,

q. Duly filled NEFT form with cancelled blank cheque
(with IFSC code, A/C number, and name mentioned
on cheque leaf),

i Legal heir/succession certificate, wherever
applicable,

s. Additional documents for claims outside India of
Insured Person and Accompanying Person (as
applicable) -

i Passport copy with entry and exit stamps

ii. Flight Tickets and Boarding Pass, if applicable

iii. Accommodation Invoices, if applicable

iv. Written advice from the overseas treating
Medical Practitioner for requirement of an
accompanying person during treatment.

t Any other relevant document required by Company
for assessment of the claim.

Note:

The Company shall only accept bills/invoices/medical
treatment related documents only in the Insured Person's
name for whom the claim is submitted.

In the event of a claim lodged under the Policy and
the original documents having been submitted to any
other insurer, the Company shall accept the copy of the
documents and claim settlement advice, duly certified by
the other insurer subject to satisfaction of the Company.

If requested by the Company, at the Company’s cost,
the Insured Person must submit to medical examination
by Medical Practitioner appointed by the Company as
often as it is considered reasonable and necessary and
Company's representatives must be permitted to inspect
the medical and Hospitalization records pertaining to
the Insured Person's treatment, and to investigate the
circumstances pertaining to the claim.

Any delay in notification or submission may be condoned
on merit where delay is proved to be for reasons beyond
the control of the Insured Person.

