vi.

vii.

viii.

2.11

Floor, HDFC

IeenanMH2007PLCI77117, Registered & Corporate Offi

ar i
RoI Not published, the exchange rate next published by
Shall be considered for conversion.

tT
he Company may not be liable to make any payment

a this Policy, wherein the Government of India has
aid down territorial restriction.

There is no separate Sum Insured for this optional cover
and any claim triggered under this benefit shall reduce
the Sum Insured of the opted plan.

Only those Pre-hospitalization Medical Expenses and/
or Post-hospitalization Medical Expenses shall be
admissible under this benefit that have been incurred
and paid overseas. Such expenses should be related
to an admissible overseas Hospitalization claim only (as
Per details in invoice/supporting documents).

Overseas Travel Secure

This optional cover can only be opted along with
Optima Secure Global Plan or Optima Secure Global
Plus Plan on payment of additional premium.

Claim under this benefit shall be payable upto Sum
Insured and is admissible only if both the below
conditions are fulfilled:

a. The overseas treating Medical Practitioner
has advised a minimum hospitalization of 5
consecutive days and has also advised the
requirement of an accompanying person during
treatment.

b. We have accepted a claim under
. Section 2.9 Global Health Cover (Emergency
Treatments Only) OR

. Section 210 Global Health
(Emergency & Planned Treatments)

Cover

There is no separate Sum Insured for this optional cover
and any claim triggered under this benefit shall reduce
the Sum Insured of the opted plan.

We will indemnify the following expenses incurred
overseas:

Travel Expenses
We will indemnify actual expenses incurred on air
tickets (most basic economy class airfare in a common
carrier) for the Hospitalized Insured Person and any one
accompanying person to attend to the Insured Person‘s
medical treatment overseas.
i, For Emergency hospitalization cases, we shall
indemnify for the following travel expenses
+ For the accompanying person, two way
expense incurred on air tickets from his
City of Residence OR India to the airport
nearest to the site of hospitalization shall be
provided.
For the Hospitalized Insured Person, we
shall only indemnify air expenses incurred to
transport him from the airport nearest to the
site of Hospitalization to India.

ii. For planned hospitalization cases, we shall
indemnify for the following travel expenses

. For the accompanying person, two way
expense incurred on air tickets from his
City of Residence OR India to the airport
nearest to the site of h ospitalization shall be
provided.

. For the Hospitalized Insured Person, we shall
indemnify two way expense incurred on air
tickets from India to the airport nearest to
the site of hospitalization shall be provided.

iii. In case the accompanying person was
already present in that city at the time of such
hospitalization, we shall only indemnify air
expenses incurred to transport him from the
airport nearest to the site of Hospitalization to his

City of Residence OR India.

Any kind of other transportation expenses except the

expense on airfare is not payable under this optional
cover

Note — For Insured Person, City of Residence shall
be considered as declared in the Proposal Form
and mentioned in the Policy Schedule. Whereas, for
accompanying person, City of Residence shall be
considered as mentioned in the legal document issued
by the Government of that particular country.

Accommodation Expenses

We will also indemnify the cost of accomodation,
at a place near to the site of Hospitalization, for the
accompanying person, to attend to the Insured Person‘s
medical treatment overseas.

Cost of accomodation overseas shall be indemnified
upto Rs. 15,000 per day, only for the days wherein the
Insured person was hospitalized overseas; maximum
upto 30 days in a Policy Year.

Any other kind of supplementary expenses such as
meals, laundry, transport are not payable under this
cover.

Preventive Health Check-up

On each continuous Renewal of the Policy, the Company

will indemnify the cost of a Preventive Health Check-

up for the Insured Person who was insured during the
previous Policy Year, up to the amounts specified in this

Cover below.

i. This Cover does NOT carry forward if it is not
claimed and shall not be provided if the Policy is
not Renewed further.

ii. The amount specified in the Policy schedule
against this benefit denotes the Company's
maximum liability in respect to the benefit and
shall not reduce the Sum Insured of the policy.

ili, For Individual Policies, the below mentioned limits
are applicable for each Insured Person per Policy
Year.

